Update README.md (#15)
Netuitive/Iris: README.md

Iris
=====

> Iris is a Java library that allows communication with CloudWisdom's Rest API. If you have a [CloudWisdom](https://www.virtana.com/products/cloudwisdom/) account and you want to explore CloudWisdom's REST API and test some requests, go [here](https://try.cloudwisdom.virtana.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iris is a Java library that allows communication with CloudWisdom's Rest API. If you have a [CloudWisdom](https://www.virtana.com/products/cloudwisdom/) account and you want to explore CloudWisdom's REST API and test some requests, go [here](https://us.cloudwisdom.virtana.com/api/external.html).
```
